README.md, before:

The data provided in this repo is public and located at the following URLs:
- [California Earthquakes](https://earthquake.usgs.gov/data/data.php): The dataset contains a list of 2.5+ magnitude earthquakes in california. Information was generated using USGS website and contains multiple properties (location, magnitude, magtype) for each single entry.
- [New York City cab rides](http://www.nyc.gov/html/tlc/html/about/trip_record_data.shtml): The yellow and green taxi trip records include fields capturing pick-up and drop-off dates/times, pick-up and drop-off locations, trip distances, itemized fares, rate types, payment types, and driver-reported passenger counts. 
- [San Francisco elevation contour](https://data.sfgov.org/Energy-and-Environment/Elevation-Contours/rnbg-2qxw/data): Physical Features - Elevation contours for San Francisco mainland and Treasure Island/Yerba Island. Based on San Francisco Elevation Datum.
- [New york city population by census tract](https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/2010-Census-Tracts/fxpq-c8ku/data): This dataset contains the 2010 Census tract map, joined with [population](https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/New-York-City-Population-By-Census-Tracts/37cg-gxjd) data of NYC.
- [San Francisco street tree map](https://data.sfgov.org/City-Infrastructure/Street-Tree-List/tkzw-k3nq/data): From DataSF, this dataset contains a list of dpw maintained street trees including planting date, species and location.
- [Where do people live and work in UK](https://www.nomisweb.co.uk/query/construct/submit.asp?forward=yes&menuopt=201&subcomp=): This dataset shows location of residence and place of work by of UK residence, based on 2011 Census. The data classifies people currently resident in each middle layer super output area, or higher area and shows the movement between their area of residence and workplace.

Commit message:

add Los Angeles property dataset

README.md, after:

The data provided in this repo is public and located at the following URLs:
- [California Earthquakes](https://earthquake.usgs.gov/data/data.php): The dataset contains a list of 2.5+ magnitude earthquakes in california. Information was generated using USGS website and contains multiple properties (location, magnitude, magtype) for each single entry.
- [New York City cab rides](http://www.nyc.gov/html/tlc/html/about/trip_record_data.shtml): The yellow and green taxi trip records include fields capturing pick-up and drop-off dates/times, pick-up and drop-off locations, trip distances, itemized fares, rate types, payment types, and driver-reported passenger counts.
- [San Francisco elevation contour](https://data.sfgov.org/Energy-and-Environment/Elevation-Contours/rnbg-2qxw/data): Physical Features - Elevation contours for San Francisco mainland and Treasure Island/Yerba Island. Based on San Francisco Elevation Datum.
- [New york city population by census tract](https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/2010-Census-Tracts/fxpq-c8ku/data): This dataset contains the 2010 Census tract map, joined with [population](https://data.cityofnewyork.us/City-Government/New-York-City-Population-By-Census-Tracts/37cg-gxjd) data of NYC.
- [San Francisco street tree map](https://data.sfgov.org/City-Infrastructure/Street-Tree-List/tkzw-k3nq/data): From DataSF, this dataset contains a list of dpw maintained street trees including planting date, species and location.
- [Where do people live and work in UK](https://www.nomisweb.co.uk/query/construct/submit.asp?forward=yes&menuopt=201&subcomp=): This dataset shows location of residence and place of work by of UK residence, based on 2011 Census. The data classifies people currently resident in each middle layer super output area, or higher area and shows the movement between their area of residence and workplace.
- [$2+ million homes built in Los Angeles since 2006](https://data.lacounty.gov/Parcel-/Assessor-Parcels-Data-2006-thru-2017/9trm-uz8i): Valuation and property description for parcels on the Assessor's annual secured assessment rolls 2006 thru 2017. This dataset excludes Cross Reference Rolls (89xx-series AssessorID).
